name: Cisco-IOS-XR-fib-common-oper:mpls-forwarding/nodes/node/label-fib/forwarding-details/forwarding-detail
fieldKey                                                                       fieldType
--------                                                                       ---------
afi_table_id                                                                   integer
eos_bit                                                                        integer
label_information/exact_route_hash_info/hash_index                             integer
label_information/exact_route_hash_info/hash_index_is_valid                    string
label_information/label_information_detail/l3_mtu                              integer
label_information/label_information_detail/label_stack/entry                   integer
label_information/label_information_detail/mac_size                            integer
label_information/label_information_detail/next_hop_interface                  string
label_information/label_information_detail/next_hop_protocol                   string
label_information/label_information_detail/next_hop_string                     string
label_information/label_information_detail/status                              integer
label_information/label_information_detail/total_encapsulation_size            integer
label_information/label_information_detail/transmit_number_of_bytes_switched   integer
label_information/label_information_detail/transmit_number_of_packets_switched integer
label_information/label_information_next_hop_protocol                          string
label_information/label_information_next_hop_string                            string
label_information/label_information_next_hop_type                              string
label_information/label_information_path_index                                 integer
label_information/label_information_route_version                              integer
label_information/label_information_time_in_milli_seconds                      integer
label_information/label_information_type                                       integer
label_information/local_label                                                  integer
label_information/mpls_adjacency_flags                                         integer
label_information/outgoing_label                                               integer
label_information/outgoing_label_string                                        string
label_information/outgoing_physical_interface                                  string
label_information/prefix_or_id                                                 string
label_information/tunnel_id_present                                            string
label_information/tx_bytes                                                     integer
label_information/tx_packets                                                   integer
ldi_flags                                                                      integer
ldi_pointer                                                                    integer
ldi_referance_count                                                            integer
ldi_type                                                                       integer
leaf_flags                                                                     integer
leaf_local_label                                                               integer
leaf_referance_count                                                           integer
leaf_time_in_milli_seconds                                                     integer
lspa_flags                                                                     integer
lw_ldi_pointer                                                                 integer
lw_ldi_refernace_count                                                         integer
lw_ldi_type                                                                    integer
lw_shared_ldi_pointer                                                          integer
multicast_information/multicast_encap_id                                       integer
multicast_information/multicast_mol_base_flags                                 integer
multicast_information/multicast_mol_flags                                      integer
multicast_information/multicast_mol_referance_count                            integer
multicast_information/multicast_mpls_local_output_paths                        integer
multicast_information/multicast_mpls_output_paths                              integer
multicast_information/multicast_mpls_protocol_output_paths                     integer
multicast_information/multicast_platform_data_length                           integer
multicast_information/multicast_rpf_id                                         integer
multicast_information/multicast_tunnel_id                                      integer
multicast_information/multicast_tunnel_lspvif                                  integer
multicast_information/multicast_tunnel_next_hop_information                    integer
multicast_label                                                                string
path_list_flags                                                                integer
path_list_referance_count                                                      integer
total_number_of_bytes_switched                                                 integer
total_number_of_packets_switched                                               integer

name: Cisco-IOS-XR-pfi-im-cmd-oper:interfaces/interface-xr/interface
fieldKey                                                                    fieldType
--------                                                                    ---------
arp_information/arp_is_learning_disabled                                    string
arp_information/arp_timeout                                                 integer
arp_information/arp_type_name                                               string
bandwidth                                                                   integer
burned_in_address/address                                                   string
carrier_delay/carrier_delay_down                                            integer
carrier_delay/carrier_delay_up                                              integer
data_rates/bandwidth                                                        integer
data_rates/input_data_rate                                                  integer
data_rates/input_load                                                       integer
data_rates/input_packet_rate                                                integer
data_rates/load_interval                                                    integer
data_rates/output_data_rate                                                 integer
data_rates/output_load                                                      integer
data_rates/output_packet_rate                                               integer
data_rates/peak_input_data_rate                                             integer
data_rates/peak_input_packet_rate                                           integer
data_rates/peak_output_data_rate                                            integer
data_rates/peak_output_packet_rate                                          integer
data_rates/reliability                                                      integer
description                                                                 string
duplexity                                                                   string
encapsulation                                                               string
encapsulation_type_string                                                   string
fast_shutdown                                                               string
hardware_type_string                                                        string
if_index                                                                    integer
in_flow_control                                                             string
interface_handle                                                            string
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/applique                          integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/availability_flag                 integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/broadcast_packets_received        integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/broadcast_packets_sent            integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/bytes_received                    integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/bytes_sent                        integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/carrier_transitions               integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/crc_errors                        integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/framing_errors_received           integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/giant_packets_received            integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/input_aborts                      integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/input_drops                       integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/input_errors                      integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/input_ignored_packets             integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/input_overruns                    integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/input_queue_drops                 integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/last_data_time                    integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/last_discontinuity_time           integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/multicast_packets_received        integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/multicast_packets_sent            integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/output_buffer_failures            integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/output_buffers_swapped_out        integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/output_drops                      integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/output_errors                     integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/output_queue_drops                integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/output_underruns                  integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/packets_received                  integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/packets_sent                      integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/parity_packets_received           integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/resets                            integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/runt_packets_received             integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/seconds_since_last_clear_counters integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/seconds_since_packet_received     integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/seconds_since_packet_sent         integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/throttled_packets_received        integer
interface_statistics/full_interface_stats/unknown_protocol_packets_received integer
interface_statistics/stats_type                                             string
interface_type                                                              string
ip_information/ip_address                                                   string
ip_information/subnet_mask_length                                           integer
is_dampening_enabled                                                        string
is_intf_logical                                                             string
is_l2_looped                                                                string
is_l2_transport_enabled                                                     string
last_state_transition_time                                                  integer
line_state                                                                  string
link_type                                                                   string
mac_address/address                                                         string
max_bandwidth                                                               integer
media_type                                                                  string
mtu                                                                         integer
out_flow_control                                                            string
speed                                                                       integer
state                                                                       string
state_transition_count                                                      integer

name: openconfig-interfaces:interfaces
fieldKey                                                                      fieldType
--------                                                                      ---------
interface/hold_time/state/down                                                integer
interface/hold_time/state/up                                                  integer
interface/name                                                                string
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_8021q_frames      integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_crc_errors        integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_fragment_frames   integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_jabber_frames     integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_mac_pause_frames  integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_oversize_frames   integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/out_8021q_frames     integer
interface/openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/out_mac_pause_frames integer
interface/state/admin_status                                                  string
interface/state/counters/in_broadcast_pkts                                    integer
interface/state/counters/in_discards                                          integer
interface/state/counters/in_errors                                            integer
interface/state/counters/in_multicast_pkts                                    integer
interface/state/counters/in_octets                                            integer
interface/state/counters/in_unicast_pkts                                      integer
interface/state/counters/in_unknown_protos                                    integer
interface/state/counters/out_broadcast_pkts                                   integer
interface/state/counters/out_discards                                         integer
interface/state/counters/out_errors                                           integer
interface/state/counters/out_multicast_pkts                                   integer
interface/state/counters/out_octets                                           integer
interface/state/counters/out_unicast_pkts                                     integer
interface/state/description                                                   string
interface/state/enabled                                                       string
interface/state/ifindex                                                       integer
interface/state/last_change                                                   integer
interface/state/mtu                                                           integer
interface/state/name                                                          string
interface/state/oper_status                                                   string
interface/state/type                                                          string

name: openconfig-interfaces:interfaces/interface
fieldKey                                                            fieldType
--------                                                            ---------
hold_time/state/down                                                integer
hold_time/state/up                                                  integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_8021q_frames      integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_crc_errors        integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_fragment_frames   integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_jabber_frames     integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_mac_pause_frames  integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/in_oversize_frames   integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/out_8021q_frames     integer
openconfig_if_ethernet:ethernet/state/counters/out_mac_pause_frames integer
state/admin_status                                                  string
state/counters/in_broadcast_pkts                                    integer
state/counters/in_discards                                          integer
state/counters/in_errors                                            integer
state/counters/in_multicast_pkts                                    integer
state/counters/in_octets                                            integer
state/counters/in_unicast_pkts                                      integer
state/counters/in_unknown_protos                                    integer
state/counters/out_broadcast_pkts                                   integer
state/counters/out_discards                                         integer
state/counters/out_errors                                           integer
state/counters/out_multicast_pkts                                   integer
state/counters/out_octets                                           integer
state/counters/out_unicast_pkts                                     integer
state/description                                                   string
state/enabled                                                       string
state/ifindex                                                       integer
state/last_change                                                   integer
state/mtu                                                           integer
state/name                                                          string
state/oper_status                                                   string
state/type                                                          string
